README.md, before:

![Banner](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/7a597506-8a39-4713-8796-9ce82856b69b)

This project focuses on using reinforcement learning techniques to teach an intelligent agent how to navigate and park a car accurately in various parking scenarios.

The software development process was iterative, with a lot of [model training](https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/wW80LL6ySPGVxk6jJeQvRw) in general, which can be found on the TensorBoard.dev link provided.
Also, for convenience, [final attempts](https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/snac9DewTPWmc1rOr1o9kA) were selected separately.
#
Parking lots were designed using a reference database, [dimensions.com](https://www.dimensions.com).

![ParkingLotsMockupsPreview](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/1c3759db-2399-4041-9201-e7ec58817018)

The elements of the parking lots were created using Unity's built-in tools. For the cars, ready-made models from the [“Low Poly Soviet Cars Pack”](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/vehicles/low-poly-soviet-cars-pack-184453) were used.

![ParkingLotsPreview](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/55ea93fe-ad0d-49ce-9930-14b357e1d2ea)

Commit message:

Add link to explanatory note of bachelor's thesis

README.md, after:

![Banner](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/7a597506-8a39-4713-8796-9ce82856b69b)

This project focuses on using reinforcement learning techniques to teach an intelligent agent how to navigate and park a car accurately in various parking scenarios.
It's a part of [my bachelor's thesis](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1YK7YRnL6dpJ33humapjptR0H9O5MAja_), majoring in "Information Management Systems and Technologies" at KPI, Ukraine.

The software development process was iterative, with a lot of [model training](https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/wW80LL6ySPGVxk6jJeQvRw) in general, which can be found on the TensorBoard.dev link provided.
Also, for convenience, [final attempts](https://tensorboard.dev/experiment/snac9DewTPWmc1rOr1o9kA) were selected separately.
#
Parking lots were designed using a reference database, [dimensions.com](https://www.dimensions.com).

![ParkingLotsMockupsPreview](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/1c3759db-2399-4041-9201-e7ec58817018)

The elements of the parking lots were created using Unity's built-in tools. For the cars, ready-made models from the [“Low Poly Soviet Cars Pack”](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/vehicles/low-poly-soviet-cars-pack-184453) were used.

![ParkingLotsPreview](https://github.com/yuradanyliuk/AutonomousParking/assets/56362999/55ea93fe-ad0d-49ce-9930-14b357e1d2ea)
